Add remark for supported API versions for OAuth 2.0 tokens (#89507)
Azure/azure-content: articles/storage/blobs/authorize-access-azure-active-directory.md

# Authorize access to blobs using Azure Active Directory

> Azure Storage supports using Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) to authorize requests to blob data. With Azure AD, you can use Azure role-based access control (Azure RBAC) to grant permissions to a security principal, which may be a user, group, or application service principal. The security principal is authenticated by Azure AD to return an OAuth 2.0 token. The token can then be used to authorize a request against the Blob service. Note that this is only supported for API versions 2017-11-09 and higher. For more informaton, see [Versioning for the Azure Storage services](/rest/api/storageservices/versioning-for-the-azure-storage-services#specifying-service-versions-in-requests)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Azure Storage supports using Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) to authorize requests to blob data. With Azure AD, you can use Azure role-based access control (Azure RBAC) to grant permissions to a security principal, which may be a user, group, or application service principal. The security principal is authenticated by Azure AD to return an OAuth 2.0 token. The token can then be used to authorize a request against the Blob service. Note that this is only supported for API versions 2017-11-09 and later. For more information, see [Versioning for the Azure Storage services](/rest/api/storageservices/versioning-for-the-azure-storage-services#specifying-service-versions-in-requests).
```
